# Project Name

PyCornGUI

## Synopsis
A GUI editor to extract and edit data from .res files generated by UNICORN Chromatography software supplied with AKTA Systems.



## Code Example

Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out **how** your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

## Motivation

Although the available UNICORN software works for editing chromatorgraphy traces, I found that there were many features that were cumbersome to use. For example, aligning and overlaying multiple traces took many steps. Outputting and printing traces for use in lab meetings similarly took multiple steps and were not publication quality. PyCornGUI is a basic, no frills editor that retain and enhance the essential features of the UNICORN software. Automated processing of large number of trace files eliminates the need for tedious individual editing. 

## Installation
Working on it...
## Dependencies
[wx](https://wxpython.org)<br/> 
[matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org)<br/>
[pycorn](https://github.com/pyahmed/PyCORN) (included in this project)

## Usage
from python: pyCornGUI.run()
from command line: python pyCornGUI.py<br/>
from binary app: double click on icon.<br/>
[tutorial](./tutorial.md)


## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D
6. Please suggest any improvements, feature requests. 


## Tests

Tested on Mac OS X 10

## Contributors

Let people know how they can dive into the project, include important links to things like issue trackers, irc, twitter accounts if applicable.

## License

GNU General Public License v.2